So if you're brand new to Linux or shell scripting, you might be wondering why things have such weird
names.
Well, in the early days of computers, things like memory, disk space and even bandwidth were limited.
So having command names that were very short, precise, it was easier for the computer to execute with
a limited amount of resources.
You'll also find some commands that are named after their creators like this awk command.
It was written by A. V. Aho--"a", B. W. Kernighan--"k," and P.J. Weinberger--"w".
Other times, the reason they're explained or named weirdly, is because people have sort of a nerdy
sense of humor.
So there's commands like touch or finger that can produce some interesting commands if the context is
right.